Chris Alliman MD: This is Dr Melman. This is New Mexico, February 7 doing a new patient intake for Justin Williams, date of birth is 1227 1987
Chris Alliman MD: Hello, is this Justin.
Jay: Hello.
Chris Alliman MD: Hey, can you hear me.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, all right. Is this Justin.
Jay: It sure is.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, it says, Jay, on your zoom name. So I just wanted to make sure
Jay: Yeah, that's a call me, Jay.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. Just got to make sure I got the right person. I'm Dr. Allen and it's good to see it today.
Jay: Thank you, you too.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds like we're talking about Suboxone, is that correct. Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I don't know any of your history. So kind of tell me why you're interested in Suboxone what the history is and will kind of exploring things
Jay: Well, I have a bad history with heroin. I'm a heroin addict. I do heroin and meth, I tried to do myself twice a couple years ago.
Jay: It's just become destructive.
Jay: Drug in my life, you know, to me,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Gotcha.
Jay: I'm not good. Well, I know a buddy of mine got on the Suboxone program. They really helped him stay away from all of the junk and you know it's either this or end up right back and praising you know to me. Yeah, I'm here, I just did nine years.
Chris Alliman MD: When did you get out
Jay: I just got out November, I think it was the 12 okay
Chris Alliman MD: Um, so tell me the history of your heroin use when you got started. Why you got started, how much
Jay: I actually was using it to to wean myself off of math because I was really addicted to math, and I fell in love with it. You know, it just kind of took over. So I started stealing I stole from my family I stole from my little sister some checks.
Jay: Yeah, I was using probably about a gram. The day I got to, I had to kick in jail.
Chris Alliman MD: How'd you do that.
Jay: Well, they gave me some medicine for my stomach for my nerves and gave me a gator read can be hydrated.
Chris Alliman MD: Was a pretty tough to go through the withdrawals.
Jay: Yeah, it was pretty bad.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I've heard bad things can be pretty tough. That's what kind of scares everybody. It seems like
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to use heroin.
Jay: Oh this morning. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Let me check through a few other things with you and we'll come back to this. Okay, okay any allergies to medications.
Chris Alliman MD: Are insane. And what happens when you take those
Jay: I started vomiting. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And are you prescribed any medications currently
Jay: Yes, I'm on a psych meds. I'm on a ram Ron Zyprexa Wellbutrin
Jay: And Cymbalta client.
Chris Alliman MD: And what psych psych diagnoses. Do you have
Jay: I have PTSD bipolar depression, anxiety,
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, are you seeing a psychiatrist.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: How often do you see the psychiatrist.
Jay: Once a month.
Chris Alliman MD: And are you doing counseling also
Jay: Yes, I go three times a week. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And any surgeries at any point ever
Jay: I have my jaw wired shut couple years ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, why, what happened broken evidently
Jay: I got jumped in prison.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay so john fracture you saying a couple years ago, like two years ago 20,017 2017 any other surgeries.
Jay: Just my wisdom teeth. That's it.
You're right.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you smoke tobacco.
Jay: Yes, I do.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Jay: A PACK A DAY.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to be smoked for
Jay: Over 15 years. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever tried to quit.
Jay: Yeah, I was actually doing pretty good. Whenever I started using heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, gotcha, gotcha. All right, any alcohol use.
Jay: No quit drinking
Chris Alliman MD: I never had an alcohol problem.
Jay: Yeah, whenever I was younger.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, good thing to stay away from certainly
Jay: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And you'd mentioned, you mentioned the heroin in the meth. Any other drug use.
Jay: Or back in the day. I used to use cocaine and crack. And I've tried it all free lunch. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to use those would you guess I don't expect you to know exactly
Jay: 10 years at least. Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Any family history of addiction, like with your parents or siblings.
Jay: My dad's an alcoholic.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Anything else
Jay: No. Well, my
Jay: Colleagues, as well.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you got it running in the family. It sounds like
Jay: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, good thing to avoid certainly
Chris Alliman MD: Any other diagnoses that you carry that you know
Jay: I have I have rheumatoid arthritis fibromyalgia and hepatitis C. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Give the primary care doctor that you work with.
Jay: Yes. DR. JOHN Schrader
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Are they getting that hepatitis C part work done for you.
Jay: Yep, I just went in and got the results. My, my blood tests, my neighbors kind of doing that.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, are you gonna get treated soon.
Jay: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah, they should be
Jay: Calling me in the next few days.
Jay: Good trying to do everything to get off the ship. You know what I mean.
Chris Alliman MD: Man, you're doing a good job. I'm impressed with everything that you're pulling together so well done. This is not easy, by any means. So
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Good job. So going back to the heroin use and the Suboxone um, when did you get started on heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: It was 2017 2017 and you said it was to kind of kick the math us right
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And
Chris Alliman MD: When did you get started on math.
Jay: Oh god 2001
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what brought you, how did you get into math. What was the intro for you.
Jay: Or France or okay
Chris Alliman MD: Wasn't a pain issue or depression issue. It was just friends were doing it.
Jay: I mean, I might have been self medicating
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, fair enough.
Chris Alliman MD: And when was the last time to use net
Jay: Two months. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How are you staying away from that. That's pretty awesome.
Jay: I'm trying to, I got my week card. I'm trying to get everything I can just so I don't because of cravings, or hell yeah it's, it's an everyday battle.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So as we talked through this. I am going to get you a Suboxone prescription today just to kind of put your mind at ease, and we'll talk about how to go about that. Unfortunately, we don't have anything great for math right yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that one's a struggle for a lot of people
Chris Alliman MD: The medication that we could potentially use however blocks the effectiveness of Suboxone so we can't use both of them.
Chris Alliman MD: So we're, we're, you know, scientists are working on coming up with something for method, but we don't have it yet. Okay. So there's that. Have you tried Suboxone at this point.
Jay: I have. I did something crazy.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that's pretty common people give it a try, you know, or when they get out. They find somebody that has it may give it a try. What was your experience with the Suboxone and present in prison.
Jay: I'd rather do that than heroin amass
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, for sure. For sure. Did it often if you take it too soon after taking heroin or other short acting opiates, it can kick you into severe withdrawals. Did that happen.
Jay: Yeah, it happened to me the county jail.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so, and we'll talk about this more at the end. But we have to wait to start the Suboxone until you're in moderate withdrawals already
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so that would be like feeling like you're sweating a little bit of stomach upset SOME OF THOSE RESTLESS LEG issues, little bit of anxiousness not to where it's full blown. That's not what we're after.
Chris Alliman MD: Right more when it's in the middle, what we what the literature says what research says is it typically takes about three days 72 hours to get to that point.
Chris Alliman MD: To moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: But, you know, people are different and often have different experiences. Do you know how long it would take you to get into moderate withdrawals.
Jay: If it's only been a couple weeks that I've been doing it so it shouldn't be.
Jay: Okay, that's
Chris Alliman MD: Normally when you come off of it. Can you kind of think about when how long it took.
Jay: God just in between about three days, five days.
Chris Alliman MD: Somewhere around there. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Fair enough, fair enough. You'd mentioned that you tried to overdose. So it sounds like you've got had some emergency room visits at times because of the heroin use. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you gone through rehab or through detox previously.
Jay: I've been to rehab. A couple of times. Never been to detox.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And would you think of rehab.
Jay: Ah, I think all out for the money, personally, but they do have some, there's some programs and some people that
Jay: They can really touch base with you. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. So it sounds like maybe there was a little bit that you got out of it, but not
Yeah, not super, super much
Chris Alliman MD: And we've kind of beat around the bush. A little bit of this. But what's your reason for wanting to get off the heroin and the matter.
Jay: It's just destroyed my life and I just did nine years in prison because of it.
Chris Alliman MD: Right.
Jay: Well, I think that's a big enough reason
Jay: Oh, absolutely.
Jay: Seeing what it's done to my family. Once you're not me. Yeah, absolutely.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, what's your living situation currently
Jay: I live at my mom's house.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Is she aware of what's going on.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Okay. And he supportive of this process.
Jay: Yeah, she knows I'm trying to get help. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. It's good to have that support and open with the people that you're around because they're, you know, it's so hard to try and hide this stuff, you know,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah no absolutely are there other people that are supports.
Jay: I just my family. I don't really talk to nobody anymore.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Gotcha. Any young kids around. No.
Jay: Well, I got my two nieces.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How old are they
Jay: Well, once for once tan.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so more worried about the four year old but potentially the 10 year old. The reason I ask is because the residue that gets on your fingers or around your mouth from the Suboxone or is in the packaging from the Suboxone is enough.
Jay: Because
Chris Alliman MD: It can kill them. It can cause them to stop breathing. Basically, they would overdose on the residue right so
Chris Alliman MD: You need to keep it in a place where they're not gonna
Jay: She's in the back. Sorry. Hold on.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, it's all
Jay: Back here.
Jay: I'm at my mom's work.
Jay: Okay, she has
Jay: I don't know where she's at
Jay: I'm sorry.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, man. Take care of what you need to wear. All right.
Jay: I'm on a phone appointment.
Jay: And people are so rude.
Jay: Sorry about that.
Chris Alliman MD: So all right, sorry, things happen.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so
Chris Alliman MD: We were talking about the kids and how they can overdose. So you need to keep the Suboxone in a really safe place apply
Chris Alliman MD: They shouldn't know where it is. We also send in the nerd can nasal spray were required by law to send that in
Chris Alliman MD: But you should have went around the house and your mom should know where it is. Your sister, everybody should know where that's at. God forbid something happens, right.
Chris Alliman MD: From the packaging when you're done with the Suboxone film for that day, you should throw it outside a place where the kids aren't going to get into it and you should make sure you wash off your mouth and wash your hands soap and water really well to get the residue gone
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That sounds good. Okay. Glenn.
Jay: Yeah, that'll work.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, well what do you how do you spend the time it looks like you're at your mom's house are you working or you student
Jay: I just work all day. That's all we do is work and okay
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: And kind of an awkward question. Were you abused as a child.
Jay: No. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. We know that can play into addiction issues. So we just like to check to make sure
Jay: We where things are at that way.
Chris Alliman MD: It's got a bunch more questions that will work through here. Um, what do you know about our program.
Jay: Oh really, I don't know too much.
Jay: I just know that a buddy of mine went through, you guys. And it's really helped him.
Jay: Good. He's doing good.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. So basically, what we do is we have group meetings on zoom just like this once a week. And then we also have you do counseling once a week. So there are two meetings a week.
Chris Alliman MD: Now you're doing outside counseling and you're doing that frequently and that's great. What we would ask is that you meet once with our counselors to do the intake.
Chris Alliman MD: And kind of talk with them about what you're doing. The want to get records from your therapist, just to see what's going on.
Chris Alliman MD: And make sure that things are all good. I don't expect that we would have you following up all the time with our counselors and your counselor that just doesn't make sense.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: But we do want to have you do an intake, the way it generally works out is that we have you do when you come to group, you get a prescription
Chris Alliman MD: And usually, that's for about three or four days until generally a person comes back to their therapy appointment. Then I hear that they went to therapy and then I send in another prescription to get them back to group. So there's generally two prescriptions, a week.
Chris Alliman MD: We generally
Chris Alliman MD: Do this for the first 30 days to get a person invested in therapy. We found out that if we do once a week prescriptions. People don't go to therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: And therapies really extremely important, right. So in your situation. We just have to work that out. Make sure that you're following up on things, but we can we can work it as we need to. That's totally fine. So
Jay: Good. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to jump into another group of questions here.
Chris Alliman MD: These are just yes or no questions, thinking about when you've been using heroin and kind of the, the effects that it's had on your life. This can go back as, as long as you want to think with it.
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't understand the questions, let me know I can either repeat them or rephrase them for you.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. So were you taking the heroin and larger amounts or over a longer period of time than intended
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Okay. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down on the heroin.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: The great deal of time spent trying to get the heroin use it or recover from its effects.
Jay: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Was there a strong desire. I'm sorry, where their cravings, or a strong desire to use heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Did heroin result and failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue to use heroin, despite their be despite causing social or relationship problems. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of heroin.
Jay: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you use heroin and situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite knowing that it can cause physical or psychological problems.
Jay: Yes. All right.
Those are pretty
Jay: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: What are you gonna do. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Looking through my list here. All right, going to run through a list of just symptoms were thinking mainly mainly over the last two weeks with these
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, know again just yes or knows if I think there's a constellation of symptoms there that we need to explore further, we certainly will. Okay.
Jay: Yeah, we'll just run through those
Chris Alliman MD: Over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, night sweats.
Jay: Yeah, chills, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Fatigue.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes vision changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No hearing changes, no bloody noses know
Chris Alliman MD: nasal congestion. Yep. Lip stores.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, neck pain.
Jay: No cost. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
Jay: No, chest pain, no stomach pain. Little bit.
Nausea
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Chris Alliman MD: Diarrhea
Jay: Know, constipation, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Skin changes.
Chris Alliman MD: No pain with urination.
Jay: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Hair changes.
Jay: Hair changes. Yeah, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Joint pains.
Jay: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Back pains.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, muscle cramps.
Chris Alliman MD: No headaches.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Fainting
Chris Alliman MD: No weakness.
Jay: A little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, depression,
Chris Alliman MD: Anxiety.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, sleep problems.
Chris Alliman MD: No hallucinations. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts, no hopelessness.
Jay: No worthlessness
Jay: Little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: And bruising.
No.
Good.
Chris Alliman MD: You'd mentioned a few of those medications. I just want to double check that there's nothing else. I got remember on Zyprexa Wellbutrin Cymbalta and medical marijuana
Chris Alliman MD: Yep. Anything else that you're taking at this point.
Jay: Of promethazine
Jay: For my stomach. Sure.
Chris Alliman MD: Anything else
Jay: Nope. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Alright. So at this point, we get to do the vital signs and the physical exam.
Chris Alliman MD: Just kind of interesting, trying to do that through the computer.
Jay: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Just watching you, your breathing has been normal, so that's good. So I'm putting down to normal respiration rate of 18 How tall are you,
Chris Alliman MD: 511 and what's your weight.
Jay: 174
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Do you know how to check your pulse.
Jay: I think so.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so what I'm going to do is use my phone to time six seconds.
Chris Alliman MD: During that time, you're going to check your pulse and when we're done with I'll tell you when to start when to stop. And then you just tell me the number at the end of that six seconds.
Jay: Here.
Chris Alliman MD: Now if you need help finding your pulse, let me know and I can certainly help you with that.
Jay: I think I got it on my wrist.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. Perfect. Are you ready
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop what number GN
Chris Alliman MD: You're laughing Alright, so that gives a post of 110 with the smoking. That's not surprising to me.
Chris Alliman MD: You know,
Chris Alliman MD: With the base up there. Alright, so the other part that I need to do is just have you push on your stomach.
Crush on
Chris Alliman MD: On the camera. If you can push on your stomach fairly hard just need to know if there's any pain as you do that, especially over your liver right under your ribs on the right side.
Jay: It's kind of sore on this side. I just had a physical this morning. I just came from the doctor.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, very good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Jay: Yeah, my livers not doing too good.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: That's good. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, all right. Want to check something here.
Chris Alliman MD: Give me just a moment.
Jay: Okay, go get a drink, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I have an email for you have baby J.
Chris Alliman MD: 90 at gmail
Chris Alliman MD: Com that's
Jay: Right. It's a change like the ta, ta.
Chris Alliman MD: Ta. There it is. Okay, thank you.
Jay: Baby J to
Chris Alliman MD: Okay baby j th a at 9090 at gmail
Chris Alliman MD: Com. Okay.
No.
Jay: Yeah, gotcha, gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so
Chris Alliman MD: The next thing we have to do is figure out what group meeting time would work for you.
Jay: Morning better for me.
Chris Alliman MD: Mornings are better for you. What time in the morning is better for you.
Jay: I'm usually up by seven.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so we've got a couple groups. Let me pull those up really quick, so I make sure I give you the right time. I have a Monday morning group said 9am. Is that too late for you.
Jay: Well, that'll work.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I think that one would be a really good one.
Jay: Let me write that down.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to send you an email with this stuff in it. Also, so definitely write it down. Put it in your phone. This is when you get medication.
Jay: Okay, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll send you a reminder email with my information and virtual clinic information. Yeah.
Jay: It's because it doesn't give me notifications on my email, can you do text.
Chris Alliman MD: And I'm going to send it here right after we're done.
Chris Alliman MD: So you can just go in and look at it.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't have a work phone. I've only got my personal phone on that. Um, so then you can you can look at the information you can certainly put it in your phone to get those reminders on your calendar, but I can tell you again. And so Monday mornings at 9am will be the group meeting.
Jay: One day, is it nine
Chris Alliman MD: Every Monday.
Chris Alliman MD: And it's an hour long
Jay: One hour.
Chris Alliman MD: Now before you get out of that there's a call. So what you do is you call to the virtual clinic, like you did today.
Chris Alliman MD: And then they'll give you the zoom room number and that changes every week. So you have to call in to the virtual clinic to get it.
Jay: So how do I call the virtual clinic. What's that number.
Chris Alliman MD: I will send that to you in the email. I don't have it memorized right off hand but it'll be in the email for you.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds. Um, now the virtual clinic is just like calling the doctor's office or going in the front door. There's always align and there's always paperwork to do
Chris Alliman MD: also recommend that you call in 20 to 30 minutes ahead of time and go through that paperwork.
And then
Chris Alliman MD: Once they once we give them the zoom room number after you've checked in. They'll send that to you either by text or by email, so you'll be able to check in.
Okay.
Jay: Sounds good, good, good, good.
Chris Alliman MD: So we'll do the Mondays at 9am the therapist with that group. Her name is Gwen Gwen of your
Jay: Life just going
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, when will be fine. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: She will be at those meetings with us and we do a very quick medical check in to see how people are doing. And then she leads a therapy session for the whole group, there's usually anywhere from like three to 10 people in the group.
Chris Alliman MD: And we were there at different stages of the recovery process and we work through things
Chris Alliman MD: Um, let's see.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: We'll work that out you she will not be in touch with you before that group time you will meet her at that group time and talk about doing that intake that I talked about.
Jay: So she'll talk to you about that. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So like I said, I'm going to get some medication sent in for you the nerve can the overdose nasal spray and then also
Chris Alliman MD: The Suboxone okay now when we have to kind of let me check your pharmacy here. What I've got listed
Chris Alliman MD: I have Walgreens on East 21st Street.
Jay: Yes, sir. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. So that's where I'm going to send this stuff to okay so
Chris Alliman MD: Then the nasal spray the Narcan I'm going to send in with like a bunch of refills, if you use it just go get another one. And you'll be so
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I'll just make sure you've always got that around.
Chris Alliman MD: The Suboxone we talked about how you have to wait until you're in moderate withdrawals to get that started. So that's going to be so if you took heroin today, then we're waiting for the rest of today.
Chris Alliman MD: Then, Saturday, Sunday, so probably sometime on Sunday, you're going to get started with the
Chris Alliman MD: Suboxone I'm going to send you some instructions on how to get started on it.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And that'll be by email, but I'm going to talk through it with you also here so you understand it but then it'll be written down so you don't have to try and remember it.
Jay: OK.
Chris Alliman MD: So the way it goes is when you're in moderate withdrawals. You start with half of the eight milligram film.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Well, let me make sure I'm getting that right because I think I'm confusing myself.
Jay: For one
Jay: Yeah, I want to double check that I'm telling you correctly.
Jay: Can I get it out to a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, we'll get there. Hold on just a second.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so you're going to actually the first film that you take when you're in modern withdrawals will be a whole film.
Chris Alliman MD: One whole film.
Chris Alliman MD: And then two to four hours later if you need to. You take half a film.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and then two to four hours after that you take another half of film, if you need to. If you don't need to. Don't take it and if you can put it off, put it off. That's all right. That would be a total of two films on the first day.
Chris Alliman MD: The second day, you start with your total from the first day. So if you only took one film. The first day that's what you start with the second day, but that first day if you had to take two films. That's what you start with on the second day
Jay: Start with two
Chris Alliman MD: If that's what you took the first day. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and then half an hour later, you can take another half of the film, and then half an hour later, you can take another half of a film for
Jay: Three times right in the day.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, but nothing beyond that. Okay. They day three, you start, you take what you took day to but there's no extra films.
Jay: No extra k, right.
Chris Alliman MD: So if you took only two of them on day two, then that's what you take day three. If you needed three on day two. That's what you take on day three. Okay. On day four, you go back to two films a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and then we'll continue a continuous kind of at two films a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Or see where you're what you're needing and kind of work it from there.
Jay: Okay. Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: So the prescription is only going to be for four days. I'm going to send it in today for you so you can pick it up and then you get started.
Chris Alliman MD: When you're in that moderate withdrawals. If it's not till Sunday. That's great. If it's earlier than that. That's your judgment call. We just don't want to throw you into severe withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: OK. And then on Monday we'll kind of check in, see how you're doing and make some plans from there.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And we'll bet check in will be during the group time
Jay: Okay, so the meds won't be ready till Sunday.
Chris Alliman MD: Know the meds. I'm going to send in today. So you can pick them up and have them ready for when you're ready.
Jay: Okay, but I shouldn't start it until Sunday. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so I'm kind of qualifying that saying moderate withdrawals.
Jay: Right, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So it sounds like that's probably going to be Monday.
Jay: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: But I'm leaving that open to you. Okay.
Jay: Sounds good.
Alright, so
Chris Alliman MD: That email with those instructions is coming to you right now.
Jay: Okay. Should I check it now.
Chris Alliman MD: If you want to. That's fine. And you can read through
Chris Alliman MD: It and I can walk you through it if need be.
Chris Alliman MD: If you just want to wait and you feel like you understand it. Well, that's fine too.
Jay: I just don't want to close this out and we lose a
Chris Alliman MD: Oh yeah, no, I got you on that I hear you. So, just leave it where it is. OK.
Chris Alliman MD: If you do have any questions or you don't understand things along the way the virtual clinic is definitely where you go. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm not readily available, but the people in the virtual clinic are available to be in touch with you to help answer the questions that you have.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's, that's where you go.
Jay: Okay. Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Oops.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. What questions do you have
Jay: I'm really at the moment. I don't really have nothing.
Chris Alliman MD: It's often hard because I hit you with a lot of information at one time, you know,
Jay: Well, I mean, I've spent the last two months trying to get on this. And finally, it's like
Jay: You know, not funny start
Jay: making some changes.
Chris Alliman MD: You're there. That's awesome. I'm glad that we're able to help you out and get you taken care of, man.
Jay: Quicker than anybody.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's our goal is definitely
Jay: Will see in prison told me that I could go in any department of health. Oh.
Uh huh.
Jay: And that was a lie.
Jay: Oh really, yeah.
Jay: Go ahead. I went to the department health down here. And they looked at me like, like I was crazy.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, are you doing probation or parole.
Jay: Yes, I'm on probation.
Chris Alliman MD: So I would recommend if you're willing that you mentioned, our organization to your parole officer, because I'm sure that they come up with the with these issues, all the time, right.
Jay: I'll definitely send them your way.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that'd be really helpful. We're always looking for new patients to get folks involved and we we know that those first few weeks of getting out of prison. That's when people are at the highest risk of issues.
Jay: Of, well that's whenever I started again.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, exactly. And we want to be there to into, you know, get you guys taken care of, right away. So if you can help your fellow folks out with that. That'd be awesome.
Jay: Right. Gotcha. I could do that.
Chris Alliman MD: Cool, man. All right. I also sent you another email just with all the information with the virtual clinic information when your group is my name. The therapist name, all that stuff.
Jay: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So make sure you take a look at at all of that. Okay.
Jay: Sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: You've got the promethazine to help out with the nausea. That's good. You're going to avoid ibuprofen because of those issues that you have with it Tylenol with your liver. You should keep Tylenol under 2000 milligrams a day.
Chris Alliman MD: And take it, but not above that.
Jay: Yeah I don't take I don't take nothing
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I'm just, you know, as you get into these moderate withdrawals. I'm just
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, being aware of that.
Jay: Basically, yeah. I appreciate it. Absolutely, man. All right. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other questions.
Jay: No, I'm good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, man. I'm gonna let you go. I'm going to get your stuff taken care of. You should be able to pick up the medication, both the nasal spray and the Suboxone later today.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and make sure you've got that reminder in your phone so we can see you 9am and checking in on you on Monday.
Jay: Got it, got it written down.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, man. It's good to see a Jay, I wish you the best and we'll see you Monday.
Jay: Hey, I appreciate it, man. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: You're very welcome. Have a good one.
Jay: You too. Bye bye. Bye bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, completing the dictation on this patient Justin Williams.
Chris Alliman MD: psych impression patient with substance abuse and depression symptoms patient's level of stress and severe includes economic and good relationship problems with real relationship stressors a severe
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations appears abstract on exam. He reports history of psychiatric treatment and hospitalization. He's currently seeing as a psychiatrist and in counseling several times a week.
I should
Chris Alliman MD: Mention is vital signs on the physical exam. Please note right upper quadrant tenderness on occasion assessment plan will start the induction.
Chris Alliman MD: And PMT was reviewed and it shows one prescriber one pharmacy only for Tramadol back in January of 2019 so over a year ago patient and we'll do the induction with Suboxone or can sent in
Chris Alliman MD: He will participate in the New Mexico Monday 9am groups with Glenn as therapist. Alright, that's it. Thank you.